Batteries and Firing Arcs
-------------------------

Weapons systems (and other systems) in these rules do not necessarily map one-to-one with literal devices mounted in the ship's hull. The "battery" is one way of emphasizing this, as well as references to "system" or "drive system" rather than a single or multiple engines, exhaust ports, turrets, cannons, etc. A good way to illustrate this point is to model the U.S.S. Enterprise-A of _Star Trek_ fame.

The ship featured in the original films sports six dual phaser banks in the primary hull totaling twelve individual turret weapons. Already it is obvious that each "bank" is a single weapon system with multiple emitters, but even six batteries would be too much to mount on a hull of reasonable mass in _Full Thrust_. Since these rules operate primarily in two dimensions, its reasonable to consider the _dorsal_ and _ventral_ phaser banks as the same overall battery simply arranged to fire at targets either above or below the ship.

At this point we have reduced the loadout to three beam weapons, but the port-forward-starboard configuration suggests this entire array of phasers is a weapon system designed to [fire into a wide arc](RangeAndBearing). Each phaser bank could be seen as a different targeting arc of this weapon system. The zoomed-out, low-resolution, semi-abstract nature of _Full Thrust_ ship design system requires this kind of interpretation of ship systems.

In abstract terms, the Enterprise-A is designed with two main weapon systems; a powerful beam weapon and a secondary torpedo system. This allows the phaser beams to be interpreted as loosely as needed in _Full Thrust_ terms; perhaps two Class-3 or Class-2 [beam batteries](MainBattery) with overlapping arc coverage, or even a single Class-2 or Class-1 if it needs to be packed into a smaller hull. A single [point defense system](PointDefenseSystem) can be included to represent those same phasers' defensive capabilities. Likely the ship could pack at most a single [torpedo system](TorpedoSystem) to represent the two launchers---again treating two separate weapons as a single system for practicality.
